chore: permit custom format for the NOW placeholder (#285)
Telefonica/toolium: CHANGELOG.rst

- Update map_param method to allow recursive replacements
- Update replace_param function to allow multiple date expressions in the same param
- Fix error message to show parent locator instead of object reference when an element is not found

> - Update replace_param function to allow NOW datetime expressions including ISO-8601 formats

Reviewer: I would make more general the reference about the format here too. Something like this:

```suggestion
- Update replace_param function to allow NOW datetime expressions with arbitrary formats, such as ISO-8601
```
